-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
---   PredictProtein: NEWS from April, 1999				  ---
---   									  ---
  PP is migrating...
  
  Dear user,

     PredictProtein  has moved from EMBL (Heidelberg) to CUBIC (New York)!
  I try to ascertain that this move will eventually improve the quality of
  the service.  I had hoped that the 'new' PP server would be already much
  more functional by the time, it starts off at Columbia University.  How-
  ever, that goal proved to be beyond my capabilities. For the time being,
  PP will - hopefully - 'just' become more stable from now on.
  
     I am glad to acknowledge the  support from various 'sources' enabling
  the move to Columbia University:
  * David Hirsh  (Dep of Biochem & Mol Biophysics, Columbia) unearthed the
    start-up money required for buying a machine to run PP from University
    sources.
  * Julie Nash (Silicon Graphics)  successfully worked out the  conditions
    for a 'special deal' to purchase an Origin 2000 on which PP is running
    now.
  * Further support from Columbia University came from:
    Barry Honig and Katie Rosa (Biochem & Mol Biophys) contributed import-
    antly to the fact that PP is already running on a machine in New York.
    Volker Eyrich (Chemistry) and  Murad Nayal (Biochem & Mol Biophys) as-
    sisted in appropriately setting up the machine running PP.
  
     PredictProtein is running on 8 processors of an SGI Origin 200:
          dodo.cpmc.columbia.edu.
  
     One problem that may  immediately become apparent is the insufficient
  internet connection of Columbia University.   The major problem seems to
  be caused by Columbia's internet provider:  Applied Theory, respectively
  Sprint.  We are working on this problem.
  
     Finally,  please note that some default settings have changed,  and a
  few new options - in particular for advanced users - have been implemen-
  ted.
                                       Columbia Univ, New York, March 1999
  
                                                             Burkhard Rost
  
  New output option
  
    1. 04.99
       Return output in HTML format ('return html')
       The string "return html" in any line before the one starting with a
       hash (#) results in that the email you get will have the entire results
       attached in one HTML formatted file (which you can load into any WWW
       browser).
       The conversion of the old format to the new one is still rather
       rudimentary. However, thanks to the program MView (Nigel Brown, MRC,
       Mill Hill, London) part of the output is already much easier to digest
       in this new format!
  
  New input option
  
    1. 03.99
       Your input sequence by its SWISSPROT identifier ('# swissid')
       You can submit your sequence through its SWISS-PROT identifier. The
       string "# SWISSID" prompts the system to interpret the following line
       to be an identifier of the form 'name_species' (example for input).
       NOTE: only identifiers in our current SWISS-PROT release are valid.
    2. 03.99
       Your input sequence(s) by FASTA alignment ('do not align')
       You can submit your alignment in FASTA format. This requires two
       keywords: (1) the string "# FASTA list" prompts the system to interpret
       your alignment as one in the FASTA format (specification and example
       for FASTA list format), and (2) the keyword "do NOT align" in a line
       before the one starting with a hash ('#'), assures that your alignment
       will not be re-aligned (as for the options of submitting your sequences
       via FASTA format).
    3. 03.99
       Your input sequence(s) by PIR alignment ('do not align')
       You can submit your alignment in PIR format. This requires two
       keywords: (1) the string "# PIR list" prompts the system to interpret
       your alignment as one in the PIR format (specification and example for
       PIR list format), and (2) the keyword "do NOT align" in a line before
       the one starting with a hash ('#'), assures that your alignment will
       not be re-aligned (as for the options of submitting your sequences via
       PIR format).
  
  New prediction defaults
  
    1. 03.99
       Filtering your alignment By default your alignment will be filtered
       before running PHD, in order to reduce possible redundancy. You may
       turn this default off by using the keyword 'no filter.

---                                                     Burkhard Rost	  ---
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
